This style file modifies the standard report class to follow the
"USC Regulations for Format and Presentation of Theses and
Dissertations" (July 1989) document published by the Office of
University Publications.

The following options are available for use in the
\usepackage[<options>]{USCthesis} (other formatting options,
such as specifying the base typesize, should be given as
\documentclass[<options>]{report})

   `dissertation' (default), or `thesis' title page.

   `final' (default) or `proposal' layout.

   `copyright' (default) or `nocopyright' message on title page.
     This affects the `final' layout only.

   `fussy' (default) or `sloppy' word spacing.  This affects the
     alignment at the right margin.  Fussy will sometimes write
     over the blue line but is very useful for finding problem
     areas during the development of the thesis.  Sloppy will
     insure that no line passes the right margin, but may need
     to over stretch the line and thus generate an underfilled
     hbox message.

   `clref' (default) or `opref' to set the open or closed format
     of the entries in the references section.

   `flushbottom' (default) or `raggedbottom' to make text either flush
     or ragged at the bottom of each page.

The following may be set PRIOR to the \begin{document} in order
to make adjustments to fit the text in the "blue lines".  The
values listed below are the defaults:

   \pagetop{1.1 true in}    % 1 inch plus allowance
   \pageleft{1.6 true in}   % 1.5 inches plus allowance
   \pageheight{8.5 true in} % 9 inches minus allowance
   \pagewidth{5.85 true in}  % 6 inches minus allowance
   \pagemargin{2.0}          % Number of (unstretched) lines
                             %   between text and page number
   \setstretch{1.3}          % Set the "double" spacing

These values vary according to the printer being used (even
different instances of the same brand will transfer the paper
just a little differently).  The best way to adjust them is to
run three or four pages of the "blue line" paper through the
printer that will be used.  Choose pages with full amount of
text.  Then adjust the \pageleft (and \pagewidth if necessary) by
the average amount necessary over the pages.  Next do the same
for \pagetop and \pageheight.  Leave enough allowance to allow
for the paper to shift a little, usually a little more in the
direction of travel.  Set the \pagemargin and \setstretch to
values that look good and will pass the reviewer.

The following commands control what goes on the title page.

   \title[volume]{thesis title}
           - The thesis title is set using the \title command.
             The optional volume parameter allows the
             specification of the volume on the title page for
             long papers which are divided.

   \author{author's full name}
           - Authors name.

   \universityname{UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA}
           - The university's name (the above is the default).

   \schoolname{name of the school granting the degree}
           - "GRADUATE SCHOOL" is the default.  Changing this
             also has the effect of turning off the \majorfield
             entry.  This affects the `final' layout only.

   \degree{degree name}
           - defaults to "Master of Science" or "Doctor of
             Philosophy" depending on whether the `thesis' or
             `dissertation' option is in effect.  This affects
             the `final' layout only.

   \majorfield{author's major}
           - "Electrical Engineering" if omitted.  Changing the
             \schoolname has the effect of turning off the
             display of the major field.  If you specify this
             command after changing the \schoolname, both will be
             shown on the titlepage.  This affects the `final'
             layout only.

   \committee{name1\\* name2\\* name3}
           - Currently this in only used on with the `proposal'
             option, since the signature page MUST be the one
             supplied by the University.  This affects the
             `proposal' layout only.

   \submitdate{month & year in which submitted to Graduate School}
           - current month & year if omitted.

   \copyrightyear{year degree conferred (next year if submitted in Dec.)}
           - current year (or next year, in December) if omitted.
             This affects only the `final' layout and only when
             the `copyright' option is in effect.

The PREFACE environment prints the titlepage and sets up the page
formatting for the preface pages.  To create a preface section
use the command:

   \prefacesection[optional TOC name]{name}

To generate the Table of Contents, and the Lists of Tables and
Figures, use the commands:

   \tableofcontents[CONTENTS]
   \listoftables[LIST OF TABLES]
   \listoffigures[LIST OF FIGURES]

the bracketed names are used at the top of the sections and in
the Table of Contents for the tables and figures.

When multiple volumes are present (as indicated by the use of the
optional argument of the \title command), the Table of Contents
may be augmented by specifying the name of the other parts of the
document with the command:

   \addvolumecontents[toc]{volumename}

This command should be placed right after the \begin{document}
command to include prior volumes, and just before the
\end{document} command to include the contents of later volumes.
By default (if the optional [] section is ommited) it reads in
the volumename.toc file (if present).  Using [lof] or [lot] work
in the same way for the lists of figures and tables respectively.

To start the document at a page other than 1 (for later volumes)
you can use the command:

   \startingpagenumber{1}{1}

prior to the \begin{preface} command.  The first argument is the
page number of the titlepage and subsequent pages numbered with
roman numerals and the second is the number of the first page
after the preface section. The defaults are shown above.

To include a reference section, use the following command:

   \references*[Reference List]{style}{bibfile(s)}

where the `*' is optional and indicates that you DO NOT want this
section to appear in the Table-of-Contents.  "Reference List" is
the default name if the optional `[]' section of the command is
not specified (the USC Regulations suggest either `Reference
List' or `Bibliography').  Both of the remaining entries MUST be
specified.  {Style} is any of "plain", "unsrt", "alpha", "abbrv"
(or other *.bst format file).  The {bibfile(s)} are a list of one
or more *.bib filenames from which the references are to be taken.

The `saying' environment is used to set a cutesy little quotation
at the start of the chapter, just after the chapter head.  To use:

   \begin{saying}
       If this exercise isn't just a joke, the title of \\
       this appendix is a lie.
   \end{saying}
